minor updates to RPIP-1 (#18)
rocket-pool/RPIPs: RPIPs/RPIP-1.md

The `author` header lists the names, email addresses or usernames of the authors/owners of the RPIP. Those who prefer anonymity may use a username only, or a first name and a username. The format of the `author` header value is:

    Random J. User (GH: githubname | Discord: discordname) <address@dom.ain>

> Although authors are not required to provide a GitHub username or email address, at least one author must use a GitHub username in order to get notified on change requests and to approve or reject them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authors are not required to provide a GitHub username, Discord tag, or email; however, at least one author must provide a GitHub username in order to get notified on change requests and to approve or reject them.
```
